Something must have gone terribly wrong, for when Phillip J went to go vote, he was denied. When J went to the polling station, he was almost unable to find it. The polling station, which had been advertised on the radio for several weeks, was nowhere to be found. J hailed a taxi outside his apartment, and told the taxi driver to take him to the polling station. The taxi then went down increasingly foreign roads, traveling to a part of the city J had never known, until it stopped outside of a metro station. J exited the vehicle, then turned around to ask a question. “Excuse me, are you sure--” but the driver slammed the door closed and drove off. J, confused as to what he should do, walked into the metro station. He noticed nothing at the brightly-lit ground level, and so continued down the stairs. He wandered the station for several hours, encountering no other people, until he found what appeared to be a maintenance hallway with a paper on the door with the words “Vote here” scrawled on it. J walked down the hallway, a slight sound of voices audible from further down the hallway. He walked for almost fifteen minutes before he finally found a door, from which the sound of voices was loud. A small man, thick-necked and short-armed with a scruffy beard, stood before the door, apparently guarding it. Despite the doorman’s lack of a weapon, he still appeared formidable, and J felt that he should be respectful to the man. He approached the doorman, and said “Excuse me, is this where I go to vote? If it is, I must say, this is quite a shameful display. I have been searching for this room for hours. Your radio broadcast was highly misleading - you claimed that the process was simple, and that it would be a quick process! As you can see, that is not the case!” The doorman took the assault stoically, and refused to respond until J finished his speed. “Sir, please show your identification papers.” From his voice, J concluded he was the same man that had made the radio broadcast. J hurriedly pulled out his papers, angered at his loss of time despite his lack of urgent activities that day. The doorman took the papers and looked over them, then opened the door behind him and yelled something inaudible into the room. After this outburst, he looked back to J and said “We’re very sorry, but the period for voting has closed. Please come back next year, and make sure to have the correct papers.”
	J became very angry after this, and began yelling at the man. “But it’s only three o’clock! On the radio, you said the ballots would be open until five o’clock!” The man took this without reaction. “We are very sorry, but special circumstances have arisen. Please come back next year, and make sure your papers are in order.” J was only angered further by this comment. “This is a travesty! I demand to have my vote counted! If you don’t let me in, I will report you to the authorities, sir!” As J yelled, the door beside them opened and dozens of young women began to stream out of the room, which now appeared to be a sizeable conference hall. These people said nothing as they exited, and they all carried various sizes of typewriters. At the very end of the line of what now appeared to be several hundred people was a tall man, well-groomed and clean-shaven, in a formal suit, who J recognized as the candidate he intended to vote for in the election. “Damn. Looks like we didn’t win this time. Only a one vote difference, too! Well, I’ll be back in the next ballot. I hope to see you there. Oh, and next time, be on time. My supporters are expected to be punctual.” The man walked off, holding his head high, as J stood in confusion. “I have to ask you to leave, sir. Please don’t make me use force.” The doorman stood behind J, apparently having already closed the door to the auditorium. He then gave J an enormous stack of papers. “If you fill these out and bring them back here by eight o’clock tomorrow night, the Head Ballot Counter can help you fix your identification papers for next time. Now please leave.” J took the papers silently and walked back to the entrance of the metro station, where the same taxi that had brought him waited. He took the taxi back to his apartment, then sat silently at his desk, staring at the stack of papers before him. At last, he started to write on the first page. “I suppose I might as well get started” he sighed, and began to fill in the boxes on the first form in front of him, which seemed entirely redundant to his personal identification papers. J worked all the next day, for hours and hours, never stopping to eat or sleep, until he finally completed the last form in the pile. He grabbed the pile of papers and ran out the door, where the same taxi as the day before waited. The driver drove to the metro station without command, and J got out and ran down the stairs. Today, the station was extremely crowded, scarcely a free inch to be found. J searched the station frantically, trying to find the maintenance hallway as the day before, until he finally found the door and ran inside. He ran down the hallway for what seemed like an hour, all the while making sure to hold onto all of the papers he had filled out, until at last he reached the door from the day before. This time it was the taxi driver who stood at the door, filling the role of a doorman, although unlike the doorman from the day before, the taxi driver had a large, antique cavalry sword at his waist. J shoved the papers towards the driver, who mutely signaled that J should go into the conference hall. There was only one person inside the hall, a morbidly obese man who stood at the podium on stage. J ran to him, and gave him the stack of papers. The man, who appeared to be the Head Ballot Counter, looked over the papers at a blinding speed, stopping at a page near the end of the stack. “You have an error on form 12D-564AF. Please leave before security in involved.” J stood in mute disappointment at himself. How could he allow himself to make such a simple mistake? He quietly exited the station, reaching the exit in a matter of seconds, where the taxi idled, waiting to take J to his destination.


Explanation:
This work echoes the absurdism of Kafka's work by using bureaucracy, pseudo-surrealism, and fantastical elements. The overall tone of the story is depressing and mundane while still having absurd elements. In addition, the ending is anticlimactic and unsatisfying, a further parallel to The Trial. 
